so the worldwide leader in sports this
is the heard on ESPN Radio and ESPN
radio calm now here's Colin Cowherd
it's the heard on ESPN radio wherever
you may be
thanks for making us part of your day we
are absolutely packed today and it's a
day to celebrate for all of us all of us
fans and I guess to some degree I'm a
fan who appreciate the less promoted who
appreciate leadership who appreciate
substance over flash today's a great day
for me because I love that flash is okay
occasional but let me tell you a story
Michael Jordan's career was winding down
98 99 2000 David Stern's the NBA
commissioner marketing guy at his core
and so you don't like any commissioner
especially the NBA after the Jordan era
were very popular he's looking for the
next generation of stars got fine guys I
can dynamic flashy so Stephon Marbury
Stevie Francis and Allen Iverson big
talents dynamic David Stern latched on
to those guys the next generation of NBA
stars of course David Stern forgot one
thing
none are even remotely likeable so for
about a seven or eight year period you
and I had to endure Iverson Marbury
Francis they had cool nicknames
Stevie franchise star berry the answer
yet the wrong answer I went back today
after watching a real leader who is
never promoted during that same period
Chauncey Billups here's what's funny
about the great Allen Iverson the answer
seven out of his eight playoffs went to
rounds four of eight first-round exits
all those points
NBA final appearance and one win how
about the great Stevie Francis one
playoff series his entire career
how about star berry every playoff
series ended in the first round except
the one he has almost nothing to do with
this year's Celtics I call 1997 to 2007
that 10 year NBA period the era where
small guys shot too much throwing Kenny
Anderson and Damon Stoudamire
you and I were lectured for 10 years
what great ballers they were they break
your ankles star Berry in the franchise
and the answer yeah six four and under
guys should pass two six five and taller
guys Iverson 42% career field goal
shooter star berry 43 Francis 43 but
that's not half of it they're all
terrible locker room guys terrible
practice guy's terrible leaders Chauncey
Billups no flashy ad campaign never gets
promoted under the marketing radar will
be in his seventh straight Conference
final and old by the way about Chauncey
Billups the Denver Nuggets team has one
difference from last year Allen Iverson
left Chauncey arrived Detroit which
inherited Iverson collapsed this year
with the great Allen Iverson the answer
again the wrong answer Chauncey Billups
in the Denver Nuggets with one switch at
point improved from a playoff
perspective from three non competitive
games and out to the Western Conference
Finals where even in Vegas many think
they have a shot to beat the more
talented Lakers and the only reason
Denver's consider to have a shot it's
not their maturity it's not their talent
it's not Carmelo it's Chauncey Billups
that's it
you want your answer you want your star
you want a leader you want substance
over flash Chauncey Billups who didn't
get a TV commercial nor Willie for the
rest of his career was the antidote to
Marbury Francis stottlemyre Kenny
Anderson and the answer fish it's time
for the celebration horn for a guy long
time coming Chauncey Billups by the way
Chauncey Billups after the game did he
take the credit for it
who was this about here's Chauncey
Billups all the guys who have been here
and who ever been ever get out of first
round carry that weight on their
shoulders all season every season and
get to the playoffs and just kind of not
getting it done
I mean it's fraud those guys noise for
the city you know the fans who have been
so great all year miss although you all
year in that great for the fans for the
city for others not about me not a star
berry I'm not an answer how amazing
isn't it it's amazing when you consider
others Oh
Fantana the skate Western Conference
final let's get Houston out of the way
listen nice effort SuperDuper like Shane
Battier great young GM is get out of the
way let the Lakers play the Nuggets that
is going to be an absolutely fantastic
series and the only reason Denver as a
prayer is Chauncey Billups